[bitnami/mongodb] support https://github.com/combor/k8s-mongo-labeler-sidecar - a very … (#6435)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/mongodb/README.md

```console
$ kubectl delete statefulset my-release-mongodb-arbiter my-release-mongodb-primary my-release-mongodb-secondary --cascade=false
```

### Add extra deployment options

To add extra deployments (useful for advanced features like sidecars), use the `extraDeploy` property.

> # example here for a 'mongo-labeler' sidecar to find primary pod in replica set and listen on predictable port

Reviewer: Please note that, by adding this `# ...` paragraph, you're include a H1 header:
```suggestion

In the example below, you can find how to use a example here for a [MongoDB replica set pod labeler sidecar](https://github.com/combor/k8s-mongo-labeler-sidecar) to identify the primary pod and dynamically label it as the primary node:
```

```yaml
extraDeploy:
  - apiVersion: v1
    kind: Service
    metadata:
      name: mongodb-primary
      namespace: default
      labels:
        app.kubernetes.io/component: mongodb
        app.kubernetes.io/instance: mongodb
        app.kubernetes.io/managed-by: Helm
        app.kubernetes.io/name: mongodb
    spec:
      type: NodePort
      externalTrafficPolicy: Cluster
      ports:
        - name: mongodb-primary
          port: 30001
          nodePort: 30001
          protocol: TCP
          targetPort: mongodb
      selector:
        app.kubernetes.io/component: mongodb
        app.kubernetes.io/instance: mongodb
        app.kubernetes.io/name: mongodb

>         primary: "true"

Reviewer: Close the "yaml" section block with three "`"

Reviewer: Still pending, right?

Author: done now , sorry for the delay
